# How To Use

This document is a continuation of the previous [Development page](/intro_docs/development).

This documentation website is the single source of truth for the code in the application. The application code itself is not documented. This is because there are some instances where the code is complex and requires more explanation than can be reasonably fit inside the code without impacting readability. 

Furthermore, the documentation also details on future proposals and ongoing/future refactoring.

## Application Structure

Aside from the `ios` and `android` folders that are generated by React Native, there are three main folders that deal with the app code: 

1. 	`assets` This folder contains the fonts and images used the by the app. The `images` subfolder contains the application icon and the `fonts` subfolder the application fonts

2. `types` This contains the main typescript types used in the app and a declaration file for `anvaad-js` There are more types declared for the application state in the `store` subfolder of `src` 

3. `src` (source) This folder contains all the code for the app. 

Under the source folder, there are 4 subfolders (`components`, `database`, `store`, and `screens`) as well as some files that are direct children of the source folder. 

## Docs Structure
In this documentation, all folders will have their own section, starting with the files directly inside the `src` folder and then continuing on through the subfolders. 

Each section with have an `Overview` file which will essentially outline the overall logic of the files inside and how it interacts with other parts of the application. This page will also contain important notes and key takeaways about the structure and thinking behind the files. 

Each file in the section will have its own docs page, mainly with the complex logic inside it explained. Easy or simple logic will be omitted as there will be not much to explain about it. Some files will not recieve a docs page (such as `Defaults.js`) if they do not contain code or do not need explanation.